📝 Document new oauthLogin (#1219)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/oauth.md

- `profile`: Get the user's profile information (username, avatar, etc.)
- `email`: Get the user's email address.
- `read-repos`: Get read access to the user's personal repos.
- `write-repos`: Get write/read access to the user's personal repos.

> - `manage-repos`: Get full access to a repo. Also grants repo creation and deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `manage-repos`: Get full access to the user's personal repos. Also grants repo creation and deletion.
```
